# c-plus-plus-project

The stack .h & .cpp file contains a program that asks a user if they want to add or remove objects from an inventory, while taking and storing the manufacturing date, serial number and lot number. This is accomplished using an inventory class which stores and enables for retrieving data as well as a stack class that can hold objects of the inventory class. A user is asks if they would wish to add or remove a part from their inventory. If they would like to add, they are asks for data about the object and it is then stored in an inventory object and pushed onto the stack. If they woudl like to remove, the program pops the top-most part of the stack and and displays the contents of its member variables. When the user deems the inventory complete, it displays the contents of all the member values of all the objects that remain in the stack. Inventoryqueue.cpp and .h files do the same thing but with queue.

Student.h&.cpp contains .h and .cpp files which contain a program that stores data about a student, including ID number. This program utilizes structs, classes, constructors and destructors. This program also keeps a list of test scores for a group of students. The program asks for the id number and all the test scores for each student. Average test score is calculated and stored in the average variable for each node(student). The course grade is computed from the average test scores into a letter grade, and student information is displayed. The program then asks the user to input an id number, and searches for it. If found, the average of that student is increased by 10 points. The grades are redone based on this new average and the student information is displayed again.

The sortandsearch files asks a user to enter total rainfall every month for 12 months and stores them in an array of doubles. The program then calculates and displays total yearly rainfall and the monthly average based on these numbers. In sortandsearchassignment.cpp, bubble sort is used to sort, and in sortandsearchb.cpp, selection sort is used to sort monthly rainfall from lowest to highest amount. In both files, binary search is used to search for a certain rain amount. If found, a message is displaying letting the user know.
